So, where do you get more stuff?
Well, check out our homepage.
And by the way, this is a perfect
example of lazy loading in action.
So, this search button over here,
I am gonna intentionally make
it small here like that.
If you go to Network tab,
this search button downloads
a single chunk over here, right?
And the reason you download a single
chunk, this is the actual, no,
that's the demo.
This is the Qwik website.
So, this is the Algolia search.
And this is the Algolia
search that tells it,
make sure that all of these symbols
are together in a single thing.
This is how this works, right?
So, when you go and click on it,
this particular thing gets
served immediately, right?
This this is the time
this is two milliseconds.
It's kind of hard to see.
Yeah, so two milliseconds, right?
So, service worker responds within
two milliseconds with the code
necessary to get the Algolia search up and
running.
And it's a hit, right?
It's a service worker hit because, even
if I show up to this page with no cash,
the first thing that the system does is
starts downloading the chunk because it
knows that it is a possible
thing that you as a user,
I can do this from this location.
And so, it gets prefetched.
Right, so,
this is where you check out stuff.
Oops.
We have some cool things in here.
The thing that I'm most proud
of is basically we have these
super nice tutorials you can follow along.
A lot of things that we
talked about are here.
Many of these things, so let's talk,
we also have examples, [COUGH] and
one of them is the clock,
which I showed you earlier,
which below the fold clock
that kinda shows up.
And it shows you what's happening.
You can actually open this up in a
playground, edit the source code to it and
play with it.
Again, notice that it's
posted on a server, right?
And when you scroll the clock into view,
the JavaScript shows up associated with
it and it's resumed on the client, right?
To paint the thick, you can edit it.
You can see what kind of
HTML gets sent across.
You can see what's being generated.
You can see what symbols how the
application got broken down into pieces,
so you can see that clog
broken up into styles,
into the client effect and
all of these parts etc.
So, this app got broken
up into 1 2 3 4 5 pieces.
But then in production once it runs really
only two of them are needed, right?
So, instead of five pieces being
downloaded only two of them are actually
downloaded.
It shows you how the bundles get created.
You can choose the bundling strategy
which is somewhere under options,
you can choose different
bundling strategies, and
you can see the number of files changes,
right?
It's configured in a different way.
In line is a special strategy for
making libraries and
you can see what server gets, what
the server side gets when the server side
rendering happens what
the bundle is over there.
So, it's kind of a good way to explore
of what's going on, how this works.
The cool thing is the did
optimizer is written in rust,
it's transpired using
Wrasm into JavaScript, and
it's actually running as
a service worker in the browser.
So, when we are simulating this
HTML being generated on the server,
it's actually being generated
in the service worker.
And so, the service worker had to
download the rasm optimizer break up
the source code, run it to kind of
bundle it up execute it on a server,
but it's really a service worker,
and then produce a response,
which is this response right here.
And this is what gets sent to
the client and then you can go and
interact with the app and
see what's happening.
So, that's a cool way to kind
of play with that as well.
The only other bit is join us on this
call with super active community.
Few thousand people,
I think about we are seven or
eight thousand I think
something like that.
And a lot of good questions
are getting answered,
people in the community are getting
interested in helping with things like for
example vanilla extract was
a community contribution.
I think Telvin was also community
contribution and so on and so forth, Mark.
>> Is a question around if I
want to use third party react
libraries can I do run Qwik add react and
then use the razor.
>> Qwik has a bridge to run with other
frameworks and currently we have,
React is the furthest along.
So you can take react apps,
react components, and use them in Qwik
the most common use cases, people
take material UI widget libraries and
wrap them in react Qwikify and
then run them inside a Qwik.
Obviously you won't get all these magical,
lazy loading all that stuff for
the components, but
we do lazy hydrate them.
So in a way you get islands
architecture kind of for free.
We also have the same thing for view, but
that's not as far along as the React one.
But yeah, you can take React code and that
this is used both basically for re-using
the open source libraries of react
ecosystem, but also as a migration story.
The other thing we would like to do is to
have kind of a reverse proxy for nexus,
so that you can have individual pages
inside of your nexus be served by Qwik and
another way to kind of try things out and
see where you wanna go.
Yeah.
>> Are there any GraphQL
libraries around Qwik?
>> There's nothing specific to Qwik, but
I think most GraphQL libraries should just
work inside of it, because they they're
not dependent on a rendering, right?
So, you should be able to just
import GraphQL library and run it.
There is one thing to watch out for,
one things I've noticed
is people love putting
things in use client effect.
Which is fine, you can do that, but you in
a way you are undoing all this hard work
of not doing stuff eagerly in the client,
so, kind of do it with caution, right?
Recognize that, all this work
we've done to make sure we lazy
load your application by doing use client
effect, you're kind of making it eager.
So, just the things to consider.
>> So, related to that because
I was thinking about the tree
shaking of the data.
And how you could prevent all
that extra not needed data from
I traveling down the wire to your client.
And it occurred to me that t the major
advantage of GraphQL in analog
situations could go away as long
as you're fetching on the server,
you're doing the transform and getting
to just what the client actually needs.
So, your obviating them the need for
GraphQL in a huge number of situations.
>> Yeah, I think that is one thing that's
gonna be happening over the next months
and years is that people will rediscover
different patterns that work better or
differently for
reasonability pursuit hydration, right?
If you have the hydration mental model,
then you end up in different places, then,
when you have the reasonability mental
model, you've been such a good audience,
such good questions.
This was so entertaining and so much fun.
I enjoyed myself.
>> [APPLAUSE]